Dependencies/ThirdParty/README.md, before:

# Dynamik Engine
## Third Party Libraries
This folder contains only headers which a library needs. All of its built binaries are at 
"Dependencies/Libraries/Binaries".
These libraries are indexed in the ascending order.

### Locally Stored Libraries:
#### Assimp
https://github.com/assimp/assimp

#### GLEW


#### GLFW
https://github.com/glfw/glfw

#### ImGui
https://github.com/ocornut/imgui
ImGui is built with the engine runtime build system. Currently uses the docking branch.

#### SPIRV-Cross
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Cross
SPIRV-Cross is built with the engine runtime build system.

#### SPIRV-Tools
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Tools
Binaries are not included for this library inside the repository. The binaries are required to be downloaded
once the engine is cloned.
[Link To Download](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Tools/releases/tag/master-tot)

#### stb
https://github.com/nothings/stb

#### Vulkan
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Headers

### Binary Location
Binaries for almost all the locally stored libraries and stand alone binaries are stored here at Binaries/.

Commit message:

Added a new library. Added basic support for image based lighting. Minor bug fixes.
* Added a new library: glslang. This will be used to manilulate GLSL code.
* Added basic and minor support for image based lighting.
* Minor bug fixes in the engine runtime.
* Added a new snapshot.

Dependencies/ThirdParty/README.md, after:

# Dynamik Engine
## Third Party Libraries
This folder contains only headers which a library needs. All of its built binaries are at 
"Dependencies/Libraries/Binaries".
These libraries are indexed in the ascending order.

### Locally Stored Libraries:
#### Assimp
https://github.com/assimp/assimp

#### GLEW


#### GLFW
https://github.com/glfw/glfw

#### ImGui
https://github.com/ocornut/imgui
ImGui is built with the engine runtime build system. Currently uses the docking branch.

#### SPIRV-Cross
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Cross
SPIRV-Cross is built with the engine runtime build system.

#### SPIRV-Tools
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Tools
Binaries are not included for this library inside the repository. The binaries are required to be downloaded
once the engine is cloned.
[Link To Download](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/SPIRV-Tools/releases/tag/master-tot)

#### stb
https://github.com/nothings/stb

#### Vulkan
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Headers

#### glslang
https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang
GLSL language tools.
Binaries are required to be externally.
[Link To Download](https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang/releases/tag/master-tot)

### Binary Location
Binaries for almost all the locally stored libraries and stand alone binaries are stored here at Binaries/.
